Welcome back I hope your brain is non-Bush from all the sorting algorithms.
I know I keep saying this but sorting is one of my least favorite topics because there's just so much
to learn.
And most people focus on just coding sorting algorithms which just doesn't apply in real life.
Most developers and engineers go their entire life not ever coding a sorting algorithm from scratch.
But we are going to encounter situations where we need to make decisions on which sorting algorithm
to use.
So to prepare you for that.
I have a couple of questions.
And the questions are number here and I want you to answer each question.
If this was asked to you by your employer or boss or maybe an interview what type of sorting algorithm
you'd use based on this factor.
For example we have 10 schools around your house and you want to sort them by distance what type of
sorting algorithm will you use and you'll see here we have about 8 questions.
Give it a try.
I'll link to this exercise.
And in the next video I'll give you my opinion.
Remember there's always pros and cons with everything.
So really think about this and I'll see you in the next video.